chore: cut v0.82.0 (#7469)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.82.0 / 2025-04-17

* [CHANGE] Add more API validations to the ScrapeConfig CRD. #7413

> * [FEATURE] Add RemoteWrite support for ThanosRuler CRD. #7444 #7455

Reviewer: removing 7455 since it's only fixing the tests. I'd highlight the stateless mode for clairity.
```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add RemoteWrite support for ThanosRuler CRD. Note that when remote write is configured, Thanos Ruler runs in stateless mode. #7444
```

* [FEATURE] Add `msTeamsV2Configs` receiver to AlertManagerConfig CRD. #7464
* [FEATURE] Add `content`, `username` and `avatarURL` fields to `discordConfigs` receiver in AlertmanagerConfig CRD. #7307

> * [FEATURE] Add `convertClassicHistogramsToNHCB` field to `ServiceMonitor`, `PodMonitor`, `Probe` and `ScrapeConfig`. #7448

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add `convertClassicHistogramsToNHCB` field to `ServiceMonitor`, `PodMonitor`, `Probe` and `ScrapeConfig` CRDs. #7448
```

* [FEATURE] Add `timeout` field to `webhookConfigs` receiver in AlertManagerConfig CRD. #7310

> * [FEATURE] Add `retain` field to Prometheus CRD. #7377

Reviewer: Right now the field has no effect so I'd avoid mentioning it in the changelog for now.
```suggestion
```

* [FEATURE] Add `additionalArgs` field to AlertManager CRD. #7385

> * [FEATURE] Add `maxSamplesPerSend` field to RemoteWrite Metadata Config. #7443

Reviewer: (nit) could be ENHANCEMENT

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` to the Alertmanager, Prometheus, PrometheusAgent and ThanosRuler CRDs. #7439
* [ENHANCEMENT] Validate `proxyURL` field in AlertManagerConfig CRD. #6876

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Remove web console arguments if Prometheus version >= 3. #7457

Reviewer: could be a CHANGE

> * [BUGFIX] Fix render `metric_name_validation_scheme` in Prometheus CRD. #7414

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix `nameValidationScheme` support for Prometheus and PrometheusAgent CRDs. #7414
```

> * [BUGFIX] Fix regex to validate `proxyUrl` field in all CRDs. #7460 #7466

Reviewer: maybe mention what's now supported?
```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Support `socks5` scheme in `proxyUrl` field for all CRDs. #7460 #7466
```
